What guarantee do you make?
As Li Shaogang just said
The governor of Hongcheng, Sun Jihai, is my uncle
Since he took office
And think about that.
Completely disregarding the interests of the four major families
The four families suffered heavy losses
Well, I'd say that's selfless
But I broke it.
Just don't remember favors
Since he is unkind
But don't blame me for being unjust
As his nephew
I want to frame him, that's easy
At that time, there will be the cooperation of Taijun Guida
Plus the policy of the four major families
I think the future governor of Red City
It's time for someone else to sit down
Are you trying to hold hands and pull your uncle down from power?
Kind of interesting.
Collusion with overseas thieves
Frame the Governor of Red Dust
This is not your average business.
You are selling your country for glory
Once the Eastern Creation Method
The consequences
Can't imagine
As long as you can make money
As long as you can be in power
What's the harm in selling it?
How sure are you?
I'm pretty sure.
Want us to work with you
It's not impossible
But before we cooperate
We want to talk to that Guida Taijun
Yes, you should call him now.
What dare not hit
Are you kidding us?
Ok I hit I hit
Hello Guitian Taijun?
It's the following.
The sons of the four major families in Red City
I am very interested in your plans
They want to talk to you in person
Yoshi, let him answer the phone, you go to work, yeah
Long time no see Mrs. Li
Long time no see.
Why is he here?